Update nginx_proxy.markdown (#10350)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_addons/nginx_proxy.markdown

description: "NGINX Home Assistant SSL proxy."
---

Sets up an SSL proxy with NGINX and redirect port 80 to 443. 

> Make sure you have generated a certificate before you start this add-on. If you are using the [Let's Encrypt](https://www.home-assistant.io/addons/lets_encrypt/) addon you can use these certifates.

Reviewer: It could also be the DuckDNS add-on that generates the certificate.

> By using this addon, we remove the webhosting from the home assistant 

Reviewer: Language:
```suggestion
By using this addon, we remove the web hosting from Home Assistant.
```
Concern: Web hosting seems a bit of a weird term here. Secondly, Home Assistant is still serving. Maybe is it wise to explain what a reverse proxy is, instead of this approach.

In the `http` section of the `configuration.yaml` file remove:
- `ssl_certificate`
- `ssl_key` and 

> - `server_port` 

Reviewer: Newline after ending a list in Markdown.

> Don't enter the TCP port in the `base_url` to avoid an HTTP 502 error.

Reviewer: Incorrect. Running the reverse proxy on a different port is possible and a valid use case, which conflicts with this.
